Remove pre commit (#1605)
seek-oss/sku: docs/docs/extra-features.md

## Pre-commit hook

> > **Deprecation notice:** The built-in `sku pre-commit` command has been removed. It saw very little use and bundled `lint-staged` (and its many transitive dependencies) into every `sku` install. Setting this up yourself is straightforward and gives you full control over which commands run before each commit.

Reviewer: Feels weird to call this deprecation when it has actually just been removed entirely (and without warning). I'd rather just be blunt about it:
```suggestion
> The `sku pre-commit` command was removed in v16. It saw very little use and bundled `lint-staged` (and its many transitive dependencies) into every `sku` install. Setting this up yourself is straightforward and gives you full control over which commands run before each commit.
```
